All right.
In the last section, we have completed the dark mode functionality of our website.
In this section, we're going to create the about page.
So let's go back to our Visual Studio code and we start the server using NPM run dev.
And we need to open the Explorer section using contour shift E.
We need to create a page here.
So this is the home page, because just the page that's in the app directory if you want to create.
Another page.
We need to create another folder called about.
And then inside this folder, we're going to create a file called page dot JS X.
In this way we're going to have a about page.
So we're going to use RFC to have a React functional component I'm going to call this one about.
And let's go and see it inside our browser.
Let's refresh the page.
So now if you click on the about.
Uh, let's yeah, when we go to about, when we click on it, the URL is changed to about and we see
it about here, which is coming from this page.
All right.
So now we don't get an error for this page.
And also we have the layouts for this.
We still have the header for the about page because this layout that JSX is going to apply to all the
sub directory of this APT folder.
So even here we didn't add any layout.
Page is still all the everything inside this layout is.
A will apply to this page as well.
So.
Well, we have created this one.
Let's create a solid a little bit.
And inside the.
Here I'm going to have an H one tag saying about.
Which is going to be to have a bigger size text by changing to x large for the text.
And we set the font to be medium, which is equal to font medium sorry, font medium is equal to font
weight 500.
Then we have we're going to change the text color to amber.
This time?
600.
So let's see now we have this one in the light mode is like this and like that one.
Let's bring this one to the.
Now let's add some class to the upper div.
We set the max width to be 6xl, which is going to be equal to the one we used here.
And in order to bring them to the center, we need to use Amex Auto, which is margin X Auto, which
brings this one to the center.
So let's.
Refresh the page.
We see the results now.
Now they're about is here.
And let's add some space between this about.
And it takes after that using a SpaceX Y for now.
After this H one, I want to add some text.
So I have already prepared some text.
I'm going to paste it here.
So this is just an explanation about the website.
And.
Let's see it here.
In order to just the day, they will be divided, we can put them inside the paragraph.
So I'm going to add a paragraph and add some some of the sections to the first paragraph until for example.
Let's see.
We have a.
Okay.
Until here, we put in the paragraph, the first one, and then we can add another paragraph, adding
the this section.
Let's add another one and add the last part.
So in this way you're going to have a space between the text.
Okay?
Let's refresh the page.
We see the changes.
So
it's a bit styled in a way.
Let's see.
The space X.
This one should be a space.
Why?
Sorry about that.
Because the space should be between the y axis, not the x axis.
Let's refresh the page.
And now we see that it looks better in the dark mode.
Looks like this.
All right, So.
That was it for the pages section, for the above section.
Just we have added a folder called about and inside the about folder we have added the page that gsx.
And everything.
The rules from the layout goes to this section as well.
So let's add this one to the GitHub.
Using Contour shift G, we just name this font, create the about page we can commit and push it and
let's check it inside the GitHub.
We come back and we refresh the page.
Now we should see a new.
Commit, which is the file that we have created inside the about folder with a div header and the paragraphs.
So if you don't want to write down this text, you can come to this GitHub repository in this page and
you can just simply copy this three paragraphs and put it in your website.
All right.
That was it for the about page.
In the next section, we're going to create the nav bar component.
So as you can see here, we have a nav bar with two with two item.
So this is going to be a component and each of them is a different component as well.
When we click on the training, this is going to bring the trending section and also the top rated is
going to fetch the trending.
And each when we click on each item, we're going to change the URL with the new parameter.
And this is going to be inside the layout as well.
So if you are inside the about page, you still see that nav bar component.
So see in the next section for the NAV for component of our project.